Add docs about SCC fromDir behavior (#2469)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/disconnected-setup.adoc

Do not trigger a synchronization, if the storage medium is not mounted.
This results in data corruption.
====

[NOTE]
====

> Be aware that if server.susemanager.fromdir is set, {productname} won't be able to check if SCC credentials are valid or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that if [literal]``server.susemanager.fromdir`` is set, {productname} will not be able to check if {scc} credentials are valid or not.
```
